Initial documentation (#2)
diasurgical/modding-tools: README.md

# Diablo 1 modding tools

> This is a set of tools for modding Diablo 1, and more specificually DevilutionX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a set of tools for modding Diablo 1, and more specifically DevilutionX.
```

## Map Making

> For level editing we build on top of [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/), a versitile tilebased level editor with many features that can gratly speed up the process of making a level. Please see the [mapping section](Tiled/README.md) for how to set it up, and use it effectivly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For level editing we build on top of [Tiled](https://www.mapeditor.org/), a versatile tile-based level editor with many features that can greatly speed up the process of making a level. Please see the [mapping section](Tiled/README.md) for how to set it up, and use it effectively.
```
